"I just got my first paying contract for a local small business and in my
 program I'm using Smarty. Smarty is an absolute joy to work with -
 at first, I didn't like the idea of populating variables/arrays and then
 assigning those directly (since I'd been using FastTemplates for so long),
 but after using this system for a while, I don't think I can ever go back
 (I even switched my Perl template engine to HTML-Template-2.4 which
 operates on the same concepts).  Anyway, thanks for saving me time and
 headache!"

            -- Brian E. Lozier
			

"Smarty is usually described as 'complex', I can testify this is not true.
 What is true is that the Smarty learning curve is longer than any other
 stuff, but on the other side Smarty is the one and only system that allows
 a single guy to build and manage a website with hundreds of templates,
 sophisticated user management, editorial publishing and a lot of other
 stuff without any problem.

 I tried a lot of other solutions, I tried to extend prepackaged solutions
 (the famous nuke-like family).. nothing comes close to Smarty.

 And about the 'complex' aspect.. I'm not even a developer. I became a
 so-called one because of my site but in reality I'm not a developer."

			-- Luc Saint-Elie


"I just wanted to say that I'm really impressed with Smarty. Coming
 from an enterprise Java background I was frustrated with the lack of
 templating APIs that existed for PHP.  While there are plenty of out of
 the box 'tools' that existed, few were intended to be frameworks that
 people could extend;  Smarty is an excellent example of an extensible
 PHP application with it's pluggable functions, modifiers, etc."

			-- Mark Priatel


"I was working with PHPLIB-templates first, then after beeing frustrated
 about how to handle conditional output with that, I tried IT[X], which
 helps a lot, compared to phplib-templates, but after short time you get
 even more frustrated about the restrictions and problems you have to deal
 with, too many pitfalls nobody wrote anywhere about. And now Smarty, man
 this is a real big step! It is so great to work with it, finally I realize,
 how much time I spent building everything around a half-finished
 template-engine, asking myself with every new idea 'how to get it to work
 with that'.
 Smarty  is  a  real  good  helper, it extends my possibilities without
 having  to  deal  with  any  restrictions  - my english is too bad, to
 express  that  positive  vibrations  I  feel..."

			-- Jones Down


"We've had great results with a Smarty/Zend Accelerator versus
 FastTemplate/Zend Accelerator benchmark.  Thanks to Smarty I'm going to
 have to work late all week re-writing our FastTemplate site :)"

			-- Robert V. Zwink


"Hello, sorry for my english, i'm french ...

I've just discovered SMARTY ...
I've tested it ...
What a wonderful well-thinked product !!!
I am a fan of XML/XSLT, but with server-side script ; it's not "easy" to
build something strong.
But with smarty ; it's wonderful to separate the look from the code ... and
such easy ...
I've tested others templates system, no-one is better ...
I can't find my words in english to describe how many this product is
WELL-THINKED, and such good ...

it's GREAT GREAT GREAT !
And will use it for ever ...

thanx A LOT for your good work !!!
you'll must have a "medal of honnor" for this product !"

			-- Marc Lentz
